docs/scripts: Update Loki OSS release guide (#10646)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/community/maintaining/release/7-prepare-version-upgrades.md

---

> title: Prepare version upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Update version numbers
```

description: Prepare version upgrades
---

> # Prepare version upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Update version numbers
```

> Upgrade the Loki version to this release version on documents, examples, jsonnets, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrade the Loki version to this release version in documents, examples, jsonnets, etc.
```

> Upgrade the Loki version to this release version on documents, examples, jsonnets, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade the Loki version to the new release version in documents, examples, jsonnets, etc.
```

## Before you begin

1. Determine the [VERSION_PREFIX]({{< relref "./concepts/version" >}}).

> 2. Skip this step if you are doing patch release on old release branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Skip this step if you are doing a patch release on old release branch.
```

	Example: Latest release branch is `release-2.9.x` but you are releasing patch version on `release-2.8.x` (or older)

## Steps

> 1. Upgrade the versions on `release-VERSION_PREFIX` branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade the versions in the `release-VERSION_PREFIX` branch
```

    Example commands:

    ```
	LOKI_NEW_VERSION=$VERSION ./tools/release_update_tags.sh
    ```

> 	>**NOTE** We leave out any upgrades on `operator/` directory as @periklis and team have different process to upgrade versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Do not upgrade the version numbers in the `operator/` directory as @periklis and team have a different process to upgrade the Operator version.
{{% /admonition %}}

```
